The code shows my Matlab implementation of code that finds corresponding points in two images, according to a set of coordinates.
The open-source VLFeat(www.vlfeat.org) library was used for implemeting the SIFT algorithm(license and disclaimer below)
The program starts by installing the vlfeat library, then it converts the passed images to single precision grey scale images.
The the SIFT algorithm(its VLFeat implementation) is used for finding the putative matches, from which the coordinates are extracted for creating a dataset for the RANSAC algorithm.
The dataset  is represented by  n-by-4 matrix, for n matches. the rows represent x1, y1, x2, y2 respectively.
Ransac algorithm is implemented using the built-in ransac function and two customly implemented functions which are used by the algorithm for handling the data
Both funnction are defined outside(below) the main function.
First one is function [tMatrix] = fitTransformationMatrix(data), which is used for calculating homography(fundamental matrix), which represents prediced rotation of the camera
It takes subset of data representing the number of matches equal to the sample size chosen when running the algorithm and returns 3x3 matrix
The second one - function [distances] = evaluateDistanceFromModel(model, data) uses the calculated homography matrix and uses it for calculating the corresponding locations for all locations in picture 1 from the putative matches and calculates the euclidean distance from the result and the actual match generated by the SIFT algorithm.
 The method returns vector of distances, which according to the max distance parameter specified when running the ransac algorithm classifies the putative matches as inliers/outliers/
After the ransac funtion returns the most successful model, it is used to calculate the corresponding points to the locations initially passed to the find_matches function and the result is returned.
Additional comments can be found between the linnes of code